Take care. Oh.
Bye, kids!
Bye, Dad!
Love you.
Dad?
Oh, hello, Son.
Are we still doing service tonight?
Oh, um, I’m just too tired today, Teddy.
Oh.
I just don’t have it in me.
We’ll do it another day, OK?
Yeah, OK then.
But, Dad, I thought we
weren’t going out in the ministry.
Well, I prayed
for a little extra boost, Teddy.
If you’re too tired . . .
I am tired.
But you know what?
I’m not too tired.
Let’s go.
Hi, Teddy.
Nice to see you, Brother Edwards.
Hi.
Hi, Ian.
You’re very welcome to go on there,
and it’s got other answers.
Wow, I didn’t know
the Bible had answers to that.
It answers many other questions
that you might have about the future.
But what I’d like to do
is give you an invite to our meeting.
Thanks, Dad.
I really had a lot of fun tonight.
It was great, wasn’t it?
Yeah.
We’re home!
Hello.
Please turn with me to 1 John 5:3.
Here it says:
“For this is what the love of God means,
“that we observe his commandments;
and yet his commandments
are not burdensome.”
So are you ready for the ministry?
Well, yeah,
but I’m a little bit nervous.
I get a little bit nervous too.
But if it helps, I’ll do the first door.
Let’s start off with this one then.
What are you doing here?
We’re just asking our neighbors a question.
No. No. No.
You people and your questions—no one cares!
We didn’t mean to disturb you.
But you did! You did disturb me!
So get off my property
before I call the police!
Those Witnesses—what is their problem?
Every time!
Wow, Dad, he was really angry.
He was, wasn’t he?
Yeah.
Well, I always try to remember
that for years I used to react
exactly the same way.
Really?
Yeah.
As you know,
I learned the truth in my twenties.
Yeah.
Growing up in a violent family,
it also made me violent.
I’m not interested!
Go away, and don’t come back!
Wow.
So, what changed then?
Well, you see, one of my good friends died;
and that very same weekend,
the Witnesses came around.
Now, normally I would yell at them,
but this time I listened.
And that’s the beauty of the truth
—anyone can change.
And that is one reason
why we continue preaching.
So shall we continue doing this door?
Yeah.
Good.
Hi!
Hi.
Would you like to try some?
Love to. Thank you.
Thanks!
Mmm, that’s delicious!
Oh, they’ve just made it,
so there are fresh loaves on the counter.
Sorry, but I couldn’t help noticing
your tattoo; does that have a meaning?
Oh, yes.
So these vines—they make a heart.
It reminds me of my boyfriend.
We’re getting married in a few months.
Oh, congratulations!
That’s great.
You know, me and my husband
have been married for about 11 years now.
Oh, wow!
You know, I’m actually a little nervous;
nearly all my married friends
are divorced now.
Ah, it’s completely understandable
that you’re nervous.
It is a big step.
But have you ever wondered
if there is a secret to a good marriage?
Um, no.
But if you’ve got one, I’ll take it.
Here, I’d love to show you what we found
helped us is a principle in the Bible.
Thanks.
Dad!
Mum witnessed.
Oh, wow!
That’s fantastic.
Do you know, I just couldn’t help myself.
She’s getting married in a couple of weeks.
Yeah?
She wasn’t interested in the Bible,
but, um, I left her one of our contact cards.
Well, you never know.
Yeah.
She might end up on the website.
That’s really good.